We was camped on a scrapworld, gatherin’ bits and pieces to make our meks happy. Den, outta nowhere, dem Eldar show up, all swift and shiny, and steal our pride and joy: da biggest, baddest Stompa we ever built. Da Warboss, Big Snagga, was furious! He roared, “We ain’t lettin’ no pointy-ears steal from us! WAAAGH!”
So, we mounted up and gave chase. Took us a few days, but we tracked ‘em to dis desert planet, all dunes and sandstorms. Da boyz were ready for a proper scrap, and we knew we had to be sneaky – well, as sneaky as Orks can be. We waited till night, when da Eldar were probably nappin’ or doin’ weird Eldar stuff.
                
We crept through da sand, and dere it was – our Stompa, guarded by a handful of Eldar. I looked at Big Snagga, and he nodded. We charged, yellin’ “WAAAGH!” like madboyz. Da Eldar were quick, but dey weren’t ready for a full-on Ork assault. We smashed through dere lines, choppas flashin’ in da moonlight.
                
I made straight for da Stompa, climbin’ up da side and bashin’ any Eldar in my way. Inside, dere was dis fancy Eldar boss tryin’ to figure out da controls. I laughed, swingin’ me choppa. He dodged, but not quick enough. I got ‘im right in da side, and down he went.
                
With da Eldar boss outta da way, I yelled for me boyz. We piled into da Stompa, kickin’ out any Eldar still inside. Big Snagga took da controls, laughin’ like a loon. “Dis is ours again, boyz! Let’s show ‘em what a real fight looks like!”
                
We powered up da Stompa, and it roared to life. Da Eldar outside looked terrified as we stomped and blasted our way through dere camp. Nothin’ could stop us! By dawn, dere wasn’t an Eldar left in sight. We had our Stompa back, and da desert was littered with bits of Eldar tech and bodies.
                
Big Snagga was so pleased, he declared a feast. We ate, drank, and told tales of our victory till da sun went down. And from dat day on, da Stompa was known as “Revenge,” a reminder dat no one messes with Orks and gets away with it.
                
So remember, humie, if ya see a Stompa comin’ your way, best start runnin’, ‘cause it might just be us, lookin’ for more loot and more fightin’! WAAAGH!